(+Doc) Recover from "no_valid_shard_copy" (#108929)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/troubleshooting/common-issues/red-yellow-cluster-status.asciidoc

If a node containing a primary shard is lost, {es} can typically replace it
using a replica on another node. If you can't recover the node and replicas
don't exist or are irrecoverable, <<cluster-allocation-explain,Allocation 
Explain>> will report `no_valid_shard_copy` and you'll need to do one of the following: 

* restore the missing data from <<snapshot-restore,snapshot>> 

> * re-add the missind data from its original data source

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* index the missing data from its original data source
```

* accept data loss on the index-level by running <<indices-delete-index,Delete Index>>

> * accept data loss on the shard-level by running <<cluster-reroute,Cluster Reroute>> with 
> `accept_data_loss: true`

Reviewer: Should we be more specific here?
```suggestion
* accept data loss on the shard-level by executing <<cluster-reroute,Cluster Reroute>> allocate_stale_primary or allocate_empty_primary command with `accept_data_loss: true`
```
